I turned my sorrow
Leave a game and then
This is our Jugendgruppe army.
Westhurst army
It's very good. That's also very nice. We were on the Youth Week in Gutenstein, the first week in Vienna, and we really liked it a lot with the tourism community.
Taurus, elliptical, yellow.
I had something to say about this account. It was a sale.
Um,
I don't know if I'll say it right now.
And what we don't want to do is to make the photos for the photos.
That means we have a lot of fun, because you have to do that, that's why we're not going to do that anymore. We're going to do that again. We're going to do that again, but the photos, they're going to be made.
And then I was in the bathroom and I was in the bathroom. I was in the bathroom and I was in the bathroom. But first...
Photos with the app
Oh, that's for me, that's
But uh
I think the photos don't have to be very bad, but it's a lot of fun. Just take a look at the photo models.
And maybe...
Exactly, and we're really looking forward to a better introduction from the West Weekend. We're going to start with Lily. Lily, tell us something.
I said hello hello
Um...
Um.
else in the talk?
Um, duh.
The Alberta project is a long-term goal and is a very important goal.
Wir kanten enfach nach fahren gen.
And we just had a nice day and then we got together and I just got a little bit.
Eigert nicht wahr es einfach.
Miss one, Instagram posts of you to.
und das ist einfach.
13.
I'm not a socialist. I'm not a socialist.
After anan's ziter
So links
And the whole thing is just over. It's so very small and capable of everything.
And on the other hand, it is simply the right to contact customers, because it is strictly suitable for you.
And that should be the case.
Dehan forgot Dash then.
And that's
So you have demonstration masters, so that's not much, but that's all I have. So they have manned the matrim hats.
On stand
Second.
So it's the hum with the hand.
as well.
Yeah.
That's all I ever wanted. This has
Yes, the Strange Marxist Act. I didn't know how all of this was going to be.
yeah.
It was said, yes, that's all I wanted to say. And that's Spanish inversion and percolating.
And it's another.
I don't understand what's going on. I think I'm a little bit lazy and I'm so tired. Oh, what's going on? I don't know what's going on. I'm so tired.
And
Yeah.
Um, dann hafisch enfach.
Die Bursteng is in, aber die Wann alle umschaft.
And that's that
Your hardness fits in.
Ants
Under states
I can't stand it. I can't stand it.
Ya, that's half.
我们来看一下。 我们来看
Ja, on ton klaap. Enfach, nuah.
And with Jesus Christ, we are really happy about it. But I don't know, I think we are still so happy.
Yeah that's right so
I just wanted to tell you that it's a bit like a dream, but it's a dream that I've never had before.
It's all okay if I don't understand it.
That's the top
I believe in God, I believe in me.
Thank you lily
Manasseh
I don't um
We had no harm.
First time, I'm not sure.
The prices are currently at a very low level and the prices are still very low.
The links are down in brief and now i did say on t1
We are called and not known.
And in a weeble state, that's how it got.
I have said that we are called to be happy, that we are allowed to be happy, that we are always together.
And I also have to say that I don't want to be a victim of this.
My name lines from first Einith Law Worm
And I thought, I'll do something about it. And then I got a call from him.
That's how it's
Good, and an iron and zone.
I think it's a good idea to have a good relationship with a person.
I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't
Hello, everyone. It was such a nice meeting.
Fell on Stassan's sleeve.
And that's what we're going to talk about today.
The Hamelch
And then I'm talking a little bit about the fact that I'm going to be a little bit more aware of what's going on.
I think we're going to get a little bit of it. And you're going to get it.
I'm going to read a few verses from the book of Isaiah.
Yes, and of course, the world is a bit busy.
And that also says very well how it is.
Yesterday, yesterday's child got a little hairy skin.
What kind of relationship did you take with God?
I think it's a very good experience to be able to do that.
and then take a bit of it.
So, as I said, we are all talking about the first project of the AgT.
I've been here for a year and a half and I'm really happy that I'm here. I've been here for a year and a half and
This is
Cut the heads and keep the back from cotton
The law of the world is so that it fits and brings the heart to God. And you have to imagine that in the end.
And I have to say, before the weekend, I'm so happy.
I was very, very good. I am not in the youth gang, I was just sitting in the church and I was very happy.
I just have a handful of them. I don't have them in the Bible, but I have to ask them to practice them.
And in a vocab
I'm just asking if I have any questions. I don't know how to answer them.
The word said that this love was in its heart.
Not just once. And I just knew what I wanted. I didn't know what to do with God, but I didn't know what to do with him. But after that, I just felt like a lot of people.
I thought, I don't know, I'll just have a friend who has something to do with it. But I didn't have enough money and I'm done.
Then the author wrote to me and told me what he gave me.
That niggas like to say has act
And that's why I'm so happy that I'm just going to be a little bit of a friend. It's not just about the heart of the person, because it's a little bit of a problem.
Thank you so much. And this week, I'm going
I have already made a few decisions about everything that I have done.
And after that I thought, I have the feeling that I'm going to be here again. That's why I'm actually going to talk about it and not be able to do it at all.
But what, don't you think this is a problem?
Every morning I read a Bible when I was in the early morning school and I had to write a letter to the teacher in the school. I had to write a letter to the teacher in the early morning school.
Thank you very much for your support and your wonderful work.
And I have to say, I don't have a technical term to regulate. I was in taxi.
I didn't have to have something like that, to be able to read something, to be able to read something.
The lion is, and then I have a flower that blooms a little bit.
I was really, I was happy, but I was happy.
I don't know, I don't know.
Aber.
Good draft, und.
The half
I had so many mega thoughts, I had a life of fear and fear and fear.
It's just so strong that you just have to walk around.
Amen
Thank you, Istren.
Thank you again to all the people for the youth week in Beethoven, all those who are interested in it. And also thank you again to the myths of the world that are being held here in the Kusha.
Nice to meet you.
I don't know, I think it's a bit of a big story. And we're thankful for the rules, because they're just a bit of a bit of a debate that we're talking about. So thank you very much.
And
I'm the guy for that, what's going on with you guys in the next month. And I hope you're fine. Amen.